edit defend advanced options wording (#2157)
elastic/docs-content: reference/security/defend-advanced-settings.md

`windows.advanced.diagnostic.rollback_telemetry_enabled`
:   Added in 8.1.0.

>     *Disable diagnostic self-healing features without affecting other diagnostic features. Default: `true`.*

Author: Diagnostic rollback is enabled by default. How about this?

```suggestion
    *Enable diagnostic self-healing features without affecting other diagnostic features. Default: `true`.*
```

    Use this setting to control how {{elastic-endpoint}} handles unknown filesystems when using fanotify to monitor for malware. Filesystems that aren't monitored won't generate malware alerts. Use the `monitored_filesystems` and `ignored_filesystems` settings to more explicitly control which filesystems are monitored. When `false`, only an internally curated list of filesystems will be ignored, all others will be marked; additional filesystems can be ignored via `ignored_filesystems`. `monitored_filesystems` is ignored when `ignore_unknown_filesystems` is `false`.

`linux.advanced.fanotify.ignored_filesystems`
:   Added in 8.4.0.

    *Comma-separated list of additional filesystems for the fanotify subsystem to ignore. Names should be as they appear in `/proc/filesystems`, for example `ext4,tmpfs`. Default: none.*

    Use this setting to specify filesystems that fanotify should ignore when monitoring for malware. Filesystems that aren't monitored won't generate malware alerts.

`linux.advanced.fanotify.monitored_filesystems`
:   Added in 8.4.0.

>     *Comma-separated list of additional filesystems for fanotify subsystem to monitor. Names should be as they appear in `/proc/filesystems`, for example `jfs,ufs,ramfs`. When `ignore_unknown_filesystems` is `false`, this option is ignored. Warning: it's recommended to avoid network backed filesystems. Default: none.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Provide a comma-separated list of additional filesystems for fanotify subsystem to monitor. Names should be as they appear in `/proc/filesystems`, for example `jfs,ufs,ramfs`. When `ignore_unknown_filesystems` is `false`, this option is ignored. Warning: it's recommended to avoid network backed filesystems. Default: none.*
```

`mac.advanced.harden.self_protect`
:   Added in 7.11.0.

>     *Enables self-protection hardening on macOS. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable self-protection hardening on macOS. Default: `true`.*
```

    Use this setting to enable self-protection on macOS. This hardens {{elastic-endpoint}} and {{elastic-agent}} processes, files, and services against basic tampering attempts. This is distinct from [tamper protection](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend/prevent-elastic-agent-uninstallation).

`linux.advanced.host_isolation.allowed`
:   Added in 8.6.1.

>     *Force disable host isolation. If a host is currently not isolated, it will refuse to isolate, and likewise, a host will refuse to release if it is currently isolated. Default:`true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Force disable host isolation. If a host is currently not isolated, it will refuse to isolate, and likewise, a host will refuse to release if it is currently isolated. Default: `true`.*
```

    Use this setting to control whether host isolation activity on Linux is allowed. If disabled, the host remains unisolated even when isolation is requested. Setting this to `true` will override internal detection of the system's ability to support host isolation.

`mac.advanced.image_load.capture`
:   Added in 8.11.0.

    *Collect and send image load events to {{es}}. Warning: this can lead to very high data volumes; use of event filters to drop unwanted events is strongly recommended. Default: `false`.*
    
    If malicious behavior protection is enabled, {{elastic-endpoint}} by default monitors for image load events, but doesn't emit them to {{es}} due to high data volume. Use this setting to allow those events to be emitted to {{es}}, regardless of whether malicious behavior protection is enabled.

`windows.advanced.kernel.asyncimageload`
:   Added in 7.9.0.

>     *Enable or disable kernel asynchronous image load events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable kernel asynchronous image load events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*
```

`windows.advanced.kernel.dev_drives.harden`
:   Added in 8.16.0.

>     *Control whether malware protection is applied to dev drives. Default: `false`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Apply malware protection to dev drives. Default: `false`.*
```

`mac.advanced.kernel.fileaccess`
:   Added in 8.11.0.

>     *Enable or disable kernel file access events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable kernel file access events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*
```

`windows.advanced.kernel.fileopen`
:   Added in 7.9.0.

>     *Enable or disable kernel file open events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable kernel file open events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*
```

`[mac,windows].advanced.kernel.filewrite`
:   Added in 7.9.0.

>     *Enable or disable kernel file write events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable kernel file write events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*
```

`[mac,windows].advanced.kernel.network`
:   Added in 7.9.0.

>     *Enable or disable kernel network events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable kernel network events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*
```

`mac.advanced.kernel.network_extension.enable_content_filtering`
:   Added in 8.1.0.

>     *Enable or disable the network content filter, which will enable/disable network eventing. Warning: host isolation will fail if this is disabled. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable the network content filter, which will enable network eventing. Warning: host isolation will fail if this is disabled. Default: `true`.*
```

`mac.advanced.kernel.network_extension.enable_packet_filtering`
:   Added in 8.1.0.

>     *Enable or disable the network packet filter. Warning: host isolation will fail if this is disabled. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable the network packet filter. Warning: host isolation will fail if this is disabled. Default: `true`.*
```

`windows.advanced.kernel.network_report_loopback`
:   Added in 8.15.0.

>     *Control whether loopback network events are reported. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Report loopback network events. Default: `true`.*
```

`[mac,windows].advanced.kernel.process`
:   Added in 7.9.0.

>     *Enable or disable kernel process events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable kernel process events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*
```

`windows.advanced.kernel.process_handle`
:   Added in 8.1.0.

>     *Enable or disable process and thread handle events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable process and thread handle events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*
```

`windows.advanced.kernel.registry`
:   Added in 7.9.0.

>     *Enable or disable kernel registry events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable kernel registry events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*
```

`windows.advanced.kernel.registryaccess`
:   Added in 7.15.0.

    *Report limited registry access (`queryvalue`, `savekey`) events. Additional paths can be monitored via `windows.advanced.events.event_on_access.registry_paths`. Default: `true`.*

`windows.advanced.kernel.syncimageload`
:   Added in 7.9.0.

>     *Enable or disable kernel sync image load events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable kernel sync image load events. `false` disables them even if they are needed by other features. Default: `true`.*
```

`windows.advanced.logging.debugview`
:   Added in 7.11.0.

    *Write logs to the DebugView Sysinternals tool. Allowed values are `error`, `warning`, `info`, `debug`, and `trace`. Default: none.*

    Use this setting to send {{elastic-endpoint}} logs to DebugView alongside other logging targets, such as the default file-based logging.

`[linux,mac,windows].advanced.logging.file`
:   Added in 7.11.0.

>     *Override the log level configured for logs that are saved to disk and streamed to {{es}}. Elastic recommends using {{fleet}} to change this logging setting in most circumstances. Allowed values are `error`, `warning`, `info`, `debug`, and `trace`. Default: fleet configuration is used.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Override the log level configured for logs that are saved to disk and streamed to {{es}}. Elastic recommends using {{fleet}} to change this logging setting in most circumstances. Allowed values are `error`, `warning`, `info`, `debug`, and `trace`. Default: {{fleet}} configuration is used.*
```

    Use this setting to override the {{fleet}}-controlled file-based log level log level.

`[linux,mac].advanced.logging.syslog`
:   Added in 7.11.0.

    * Write logs to syslog. Allowed values are `error`, `warning`, `info`, `debug`, and `trace`. Default: none.*

    Use this setting to send {{elastic-endpoint}} logs to syslog alongside other logging targets, such as the default file-based logging.

`[linux,mac,windows].advanced.malware.max_file_size_bytes`
:   Added in 8.16.4.

    *Control the maximum file size in bytes that should be evaluated for malware. Default: `78643200`.*

    At the cost of performance overhead, increase the maximum file size {{elastic-endpoint}} will scan for malware.

`windows.advanced.malware.networkshare`
:   Added in 8.9.0.

>     *Control whether malware protection is applied to network drives. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Apply malware protection to network drives. Default: `true`.*
```

`[linux,mac,windows].advanced.malware.quarantine`
:   Added in 7.9.0 (macOS and Windows), 7.14.0. (Linux).

>     *Enable or disable quarantining files when malware prevention is enabled. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable quarantining files when malware prevention is enabled. Default: `true`.*
```

`windows.advanced.ransomware.canary`
:   Added in 7.14.0.

>     *Enable or disable Ransomware canary protection. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable ransomware canary protection. Default: `true`.*
```

    Use this setting to disable ransomware detection based on canary files, even if ransomware protection is enabled. Ransomware protection will remain effective even when this ransomware detection is disabled.

`windows.advanced.ransomware.mbr`
:   Added in 7.12.0.

>     *Enable or disable disables Ransomware MBR protection. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable ransomware MBR protection. Default: `true`.*
```

    Use this setting to disable ransomware detection using Master Boot Record monitoring, even if ransomware protection is enabled. Ransomware protection will remain effective even when this ransomware detection is disabled.

`[linux,mac,windows].advanced.set_extended_host_information`
:   Added in 8.16.0.

    *Include full `host.*` fieldset information in events. When `false`, only `id`, `name`, and `os` are included. Warning: `true` will increase event size. Default: <=8.17: `true`, >=8.18: `false`.*

>     {{elastic-endpoint}} only includes minimal information in the host fieldset in each event. Use this setting to also include extended information from the `alerts` and `metrics-*` documents. This setting was made available in 8.16; starting with 8.18, this behavior is disabled by default. Prior to 8.16 full `host` information was always included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{elastic-endpoint}} only includes minimal information in the host fieldset in each event. Use this setting to also include extended information from the `alerts` and `metrics-*` documents. This setting was made available in 8.16; starting with 8.18, this behavior is disabled by default. Prior to 8.16, full `host` information was always included.
```

`windows.advanced.utilization_limits.resident_memory_target_mb`
:   Added in 8.12.0.

>     *How much memory (in MB) should be kept resident in RAM? This setting affects Private Working Set but does not affect the amount of virtual memory requested from the OS (Private Bytes aka Commit Charge). If plenty of unused RAM is available, Windows may give Endpoint more RAM than requested to reduce unnecessary paging and improve performance. If the current Defend configuration requires regularly touching more than the requested amount of memory, then the Private Working Set will be higher than requested here. This value cannot be decreased below 50. Default: `200`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Control how much memory (in MB) should be kept resident in RAM. This setting affects Private Working Set but does not affect the amount of virtual memory requested from the OS (Private Bytes or Commit Charge). If plenty of unused RAM is available, Windows may give {{elastic-endpoint}} more RAM than requested to reduce unnecessary paging and improve performance. If the current {{elastic-defend}} configuration requires regularly touching more than the requested amount of memory, then the Private Working Set will be higher than requested here. The minimum value is 50. Default: `200`.*
```

`windows.advanced.events.image_load.origin_info_collection`
:   Added in 8.19.0.

>     *When enabled (`true`), image load events include `dll.origin_url`, `dll.origin_referrer_url`, and `dll.Ext.windows.zone_identifier`. These fields normally show where the loaded DLL was downloaded from, using information taken from the file's Mark of the Web. Default: `false`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Include `dll.origin_url`, `dll.origin_referrer_url`, and `dll.Ext.windows.zone_identifier` in image load events. These fields normally show where the loaded DLL was downloaded from, using information taken from the file's Mark of the Web. Default: `false`.*
```

`windows.advanced.events.process.origin_info_collection`
:   Added in 8.19.0.

>     *When enabled (`true`), process events include `process.origin_url`, `process.origin_referrer_url`, and `process.Ext.windows.zone_identifier`. These fields normally show where the process's executable file was downloaded from, using information taken from the file's Mark of the Web. Default: `false`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Include `process.origin_url`, `process.origin_referrer_url`, and `process.Ext.windows.zone_identifier` in process events. These fields normally show where the process's executable file was downloaded from, using information taken from the file's Mark of the Web. Default: `false`.*
```

`windows.advanced.events.file.origin_info_collection`
:   Added in 8.19.0.

>     *When enabled (`true`), file events include `file.origin_url`, `file.origin_referrer_url`, and `file.Ext.windows.zone_identifier. These fields show the details of file's Mark of the Web. Default: `true`*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Include `file.origin_url`, `file.origin_referrer_url`, and `file.Ext.windows.zone_identifier` in file events. These fields show the details of file's Mark of the Web. Default: `true`*
```

`windows.advanced.events.security.provider_etw`
:   Added in 8.19.0.

>     *Controls whether Microsoft-Windows-Security-Auditing ETW provider is enabled for security events collection. Set to `false` to disable the provider. Default: `true`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Enable the Microsoft-Windows-Security-Auditing ETW provider for security events collection. Default: `true`.*
```
